The release date is fine for us.
Release in August would be ideal.
Would be great if the template could be available sooner, like August 1 or September 1 at the latest.
It would be very helpful if they released the update by the beginning of August so we can update our forms and begin completing the form as soon as our student census is complete.
The release date should be by September 15th.
Knowing when to begin information gathering and an expected completion date would help us departmentally plan for the collection and timely submissions
The CDS release date should, ideally, be more consistent.
It would be great if the CDS were released much earlier (say, over the summer).
We begin gathering data in the summer because the beginning of fall is our busiest time.
Regarding the release date, consider the benefits of moving to a continuous release cycle in which the public can access the most recent accurate information about specific credentials.
We don't have all the data we need to complete the CDS until December.
Preferably in September.
I believe the October time-frame is a good time for the release date.
Mid September.
We all have to fill out updates with rankings organizations in the summer, and it's rare to have tuition/fees that we can fill out when the CDS comes in the fall.
Please continue to keep the timeline to release CDS template mid October or beginning of November, this is very helpful to plan ahead.
Lately, CDS has released the template early compare to previous years.
Release date is good.
An earlier release date (possibly around October 1 of each year) would be extremely helpful.
I'd like to see the CDS template released prior to 10/15.
We usually have all of our numbers ready by then.
Release date should be no later than October 1.  
I really don't understand why they are not available prior to the start of our academic year.
So if you must get the template out this late plese let us know of changes as early as possible.
Release Date: It would be nice to have the CDS available by September 1.
I believe the release date is adequate as is.
It is often easier and more time-effective that we complete the CDS as data become available rather than waiting until late Fall.
An earlier release date for the template.
As for timing- no time is good, per se.
The website needs more clear information about the release date with sign up notifications and due date information.
Releasing the template in mid-September would be ideal.
The extra time would be beneficial for completion.
It would be useful to know if any changes to the CDS are being planned.
I suggest that an absolute deadline of October 1st be adopted for each year's CDS release.
An ideal release date would be shortly following the fall semester census date.
An earlier release date for the CDS would better help us prepare when there are changes to the data requested.
Our institution has a total of five campuses and a CDS is completed for each of these campuses.
A two-week lead time would be nice.
Releasing the instrument on time and avoiding changes is the priority for our office.
More clarity regarding when the CDS will be available every year.
Let us know when to expect it.
